`local-exec` documentation lacks on-destroy documentation (#31049)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/resources/provisioners/local-exec.mdx

* `environment` - (Optional) block of key value pairs representing the
  environment of the executed command. inherits the current process environment.

> * `when` - (Optional) If provided, specifies Terraform will execute the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `when` - (Optional) If provided, specifies when Terraform will execute the command.
```

Author: I fixed it. Thank you for your review.

* `environment` - (Optional) block of key value pairs representing the
  environment of the executed command. inherits the current process environment.

> * `when` - (Optional) If provided, specifies the timing when the command will
>   be executed. If `when = destroy` is specified, the provisioner will run when
>   the resource it is defined within is destroyed. See
>   [Destroy-Time Provisioners](/language/resources/provisioners/syntax#destroy-time-provisioners)
>   for more details.

Reviewer: Just a nit to make the language more inclusive and remove a few extra words. Thank you!

```suggestion
* `when` - (Optional) If provided, specifies Terraform will execute the command. For example, `when = destroy` specifies that the provisioner will run when
  the associated resource is destroyed. Refer to
  [Destroy-Time Provisioners](/language/resources/provisioners/syntax#destroy-time-provisioners)
  for details.
```

Author: I got it. Thank you for your review. I'll fix it.
